I had thought that you were not afraid.
It turns out that you don't want to be smashed either, sorry.
We were late and wrong, so we didn't want to take it away.
OK
Don't be angry.
I've sent someone to find out who did it.
Results coming soon
small thing
Boiling water behind the scenes
Hello
na
Did you see the hot search? Don't be so disgusting
something to say
Of course I'm trying to help you see reality
Don't think you climbed into Su San's bed
Dare to oppose me
As long as I want
I have a thousand ways to ruin your reputation, right?
We'll see.
After tonight, Third Young Master Su will definitely dislike it
And this is what happens to you.
He's bullying you again. It's not worth mentioning
Do you want to send someone to teach him a lesson?
How can you teach a lesson?
Is there a seven-inch discount?
I remember.
Big brother has an unwanted piece of land in his hands
Yeah. That was originally intended for business planning.
But recently
It has been classified as agriculture
Serious land depreciation
But very few people know about this.
How do you know that?
I am the eldest lady who protects the Su family
There is obviously a voice I don't know why
You want to trick Gu Ruicheng into buying that land?
Brother, go find someone
Just say this piece of land when the news pops up.
The future value will be very high
Who could take down this land?
You can become our best partner
Good Gu Ruicheng
Our game has officially started
Don't let me down!